libs/utils/react/README.md, before:

# @mindspace-io/react

[![GitHub version](https://badge.fury.io/gh/ThomasBurleson%2Fmindspace-utils.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/gh/ThomasBurleson%2Fmindspace-utils)

## Purpose

This library provides TypeScript utilities for React (16.x or higher) developers. Click the links below to view the detailed README(s) for each technology item.

---

### React Hooks

Custom hooks for DependencyInjection (DI) and RxJS subscription management.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/210413/68954901-8961f100-078a-11ea-8141-eac38ab21dab.png)

- [**`useInjectorHook()`** for fast DI lookups of singleton services](https://github.com/ThomasBurleson/mindspace-utils/blob/master/libs/utils/react/src/lib/hooks/README.md)
- [**`useObservable()`** for 'Async pipe'-like functionality](https://github.com/ThomasBurleson/mindspace-utils/blob/master/libs/utils/react/src/lib/hooks/README.md)

<br>

### Dependency Injection (DI)

Here is a univeral DI engine - independent of Angular - implemented in TypeScript. This DI engine can be used easily within ANY TypeScript project.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/210413/68954909-8cf57800-078a-11ea-90db-df58987a9790.png)

- [**`makeInjector()`** for powerful, angular-like dependency injection](https://github.com/ThomasBurleson/mindspace-utils/blob/master/libs/utils/react/src/lib/di/README.md)

### Utilities

Here is a random collection of utilities:

- [**`switchCase()`** for functional API used to condense switch statements](https://github.com/ThomasBurleson/mindspace-utils/blob/master/libs/utils/react/src/lib/utils/README.md)
  - [Typescript Playground](http://bit.ly/2NPQob6)

<br>

---

### Installation

To easily use this library, just use `npm install @mindspace-io/react`

Commit message:

fix(react): create single React library
Publish DI, Observables, and State Management in a single library `@mindspace-io/react`.
Add documentation for `useObservable()` and _state management_.

* fix `ComputedProperty` to accept one (1) selector or an array of selectors.
* fix `useObserabled()` to accept initial value as a deferred function

BREAKING CHANGE: `ComputedProperty` interface keys changed

Change name of `predicate` to `transform` since this function will _transform_ the state slice(s) into the final desired output value.

libs/utils/react/README.md, after:

# @mindspace-io/react

[![GitHub version](https://badge.fury.io/gh/ThomasBurleson%2Fmindspace-utils.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/gh/ThomasBurleson%2Fmindspace-utils)

## Purpose

This library provides TypeScript utilities for React (16.x or higher) developers.

- **True** Dependency Injection (DI)
- `useObservable()` for RxJS streams
- State Management using `createStore()` and `useStore()`

Click the links below to view the detailed README(s) for each technology item.

---

### React Hooks

Custom hooks for DependencyInjection (DI) and RxJS subscription management.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/210413/68954901-8961f100-078a-11ea-8141-eac38ab21dab.png)

- [**`useInjectorHook()`** for fast DI lookups of singleton services](https://github.com/ThomasBurleson/mindspace-utils/blob/master/libs/utils/react/src/lib/hooks/README.md)
- [**`useObservable()`** for 'Async pipe'-like functionality](https://github.com/ThomasBurleson/mindspace-utils/blob/master/libs/utils/react/src/lib/hooks/README.md)

<br>

### Dependency Injection (DI)

Here is a univeral DI engine - independent of Angular - implemented in TypeScript. This DI engine can be used easily within ANY TypeScript project.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/210413/68954909-8cf57800-078a-11ea-90db-df58987a9790.png)

- [**`makeInjector()`** for powerful, angular-like dependency injection](https://github.com/ThomasBurleson/mindspace-utils/blob/master/libs/utils/react/src/lib/di/README.md)

### Utilities

Here is a random collection of utilities:

- [**`switchCase()`** for functional API used to condense switch statements](https://github.com/ThomasBurleson/mindspace-utils/blob/master/libs/utils/react/src/lib/utils/README.md)
  - [Typescript Playground](http://bit.ly/2NPQob6)

<br>

---

### Installation

To easily use this library, just use `npm install @mindspace-io/react`
